Home.md, before:

---
description: The Brain of David Di-Benedetto is a platform created to house various levels of information. This project builds onto a variety of topics through interlinking notes with a basis on abstract thinking.
cover: "[[The Brain Header.png]]"
---
![[The Brain Header.png]]
### Introduction
Welcome to my brain. This website is made to act as a place of documentation and notes that separate themselves from my presentation-based website at https://daviddi-benedetto.com/.  This is where the plans, random ideas, and nitty-gritty mistakes are fleshed out in their entirety. There is no strict order or direction to these pages, and I mean it to be that way. Here, abstract thinking is interconnected to create my own personal web of knowledge.

I am David Di-Benedetto, the creator of this corner on the internet. As an engineer with a passion for a myriad of subjects, I often find myself lost in the vast sea of information that each new project brings. *The Brain of David Di-Benedetto* is my endeavor to anchor my work and insights into a single, documented haven. It's akin to a*digital garden* of sorts- a repository of my thoughts and findings.

This project draws its muse from the enigmatic library featured in Patrick Rothfuss' *Kingkiller Chronicle*. In this series, there exists a vast library aptly named *The Archives*. It is a labyrinthine world of knowledge, housing an immense collection of books, scrolls, and papers in a section known as *The Stacks*, where organization gives way to a raw accumulation of wisdom.

Mirroring this concept, this project prioritizes the organic aggregation of information. Just as The Stacks in Rothfuss' universe symbolize the untamed and sprawling expanse of knowledge, this platform endeavors to embrace the richness of information in its most authentic form. I aspire to create a digital space that captures the essence of *The Archives* – a sanctuary for knowledge that feels boundless.

*Created 12/22/2023*

Commit message:

Brand Transition
Archives --> Third Brain

Home.md, after:

---
description: The Third Brain of David Di-Benedetto is a platform created to house various levels of information. This project builds onto a variety of topics through interlinking notes with a basis on abstract thinking.
cover: "[[The Brain Header.png]]"
---
![[Third Brain Header - Cropped.png]]
### Introduction
Welcome to my third brain. This website is made to act as a place of documentation and notes that separate themselves from my presentation-based website at https://daviddi-benedetto.com/.  This is where the plans, random ideas, and nitty-gritty mistakes are fleshed out in their entirety. There is no strict order or direction to these pages, and I mean it to be that way. Here, abstract thinking is interconnected to create my own personal web of knowledge.

I am David Di-Benedetto, the creator of this corner on the internet. As an engineer with a passion for a myriad of subjects, I often find myself lost in the vast sea of information that each new project brings. *The Third Brain of David Di-Benedetto* is my endeavor to anchor my work and insights into a single, documented haven. It's akin to a *digital garden* of sorts- a repository of my thoughts and findings. And to acknowledge the naming convention--I have a "second brain" that I use for personal life organization. Thus, this website is my third.

This project draws its muse from the enigmatic library featured in Patrick Rothfuss' *Kingkiller Chronicle*. In this series, there exists a vast library aptly named *The Archives*. It is a labyrinthine world of knowledge, housing an immense collection of books, scrolls, and papers in a section known as *The Stacks*, where organization gives way to a raw accumulation of wisdom.

Mirroring this concept, this project prioritizes the organic aggregation of information. Just as The Stacks in Rothfuss' universe symbolize the untamed and sprawling expanse of knowledge, this platform endeavors to embrace the richness of information in its most authentic form. I aspire to create a digital space that captures the essence of *The Archives* – a sanctuary for knowledge that feels boundless.

*Created 12/22/2023*
